That is when I see that amazing pool of function and all its cycle eddies. 
- The Algebra Playground 

Functor: The generalization of a function to deal with the mapping of categories. 

Levantine: Functor’s tiredness. 
Argentina: A friend of Levantine’s. 
Feistel: Functor’s best friend. 

Note: One (and two) wonders if Levantine and Feistel are one (and two) and the same. 

Act 1 - In which Feistel commends Functor. 

[Observe them as flying chispas in the city of circuits. Functor enters
humming Iko Iko while Feistel lounges on the couch thinking.]

Functor: “Your grandma and my grandma, sitting by the fire…” I think that fire would lose its heat if both our grandmas were there. 

[Feistel breaks out of his cycle eddies pooling in the mind』 

Feistel: Or more like, the fires would sit around our grandmas. Listening to their hanabi talk. But my mind has just had sex with your idea. I have birthed a new thought. 

[Feistel’s physical inability to give birth implied he found new ways to express his own generative capacities.]

Functor: Verily verily say unto me, ‘Tel. 
Feistel: I’m talking about the “hey now” in your tune. I see the originators [<- those who birthed] of that song as the railway stations. 
They send their lyrics via boxcar, and as it travels in the boxcar, the photosynthetic parts of the lyrics have to change. I mean - 

[Feistel makes a boxcar and shows it to Functor]

Feistel: - this container has to take what you just sang, and make it safely to the station. 

Functor: I see what you mean. 

[Feistel shrugs]

Feistel: Then you are ahead of me. Congratulations. 

Act 2 - In which Argentina meets Functor 

[Argentina sits by an electric beach listening to seisms.]

Functor: Who are you? 

[Argentina mixes apathy with disgust. It’s like licking a battery.]

Functor: Do you find it rude for me to ask you that? 

[Argentina takes out her phone and swipes around its hazy screen before replying]

Argentina: Maybe not rude, but surely unorthodox. 

[Functor smiles because she used the word unorthodox but reserves a space of frowning for the phone 
behaviour] 

Functor: What is your name? 

Argentina: Argentina - 

[Functor knows that she will expect the reciprocation of such a sharing of information. However, Functor dislikes symmetry. So he will avoid answering. 

Argentina: - what’s yours? 

Functor: I’m inclined to answer, but Levantine is calling me. 

[Argentina raises her eyebrows and suspends the idea of Functor as a minuscule finite aleph not]

Argentina: That’s nice. 

[Functor cringes. Nice happens to be on Functor’s adjective black list. It’s what the other beans like to say when they are 
in the limbo between positive and negative spaces, non-committal about the description’s weight] 

Functor: How do you mean? 

Argentina: Well. Levantine is nice. His calling you is nice. It’s all so damn nice, Functor.   


Act 3 - Levantine requests Functor presence at l.i.t. night. 

[Levantine swags his ways into Functor’s room]

Functor: Yo. 

Levantine: Yo. 

[Levantine crosses his arms and sends intentions to Functor] 

Levantine: We’re going out tonight. 

Functor: Oh.
 
Levantine: Oh’s didn’t save David from Bathsheeba. Also, it’s in your name. 

Functor: What? 

Levantine: ‘Fun’. 

[Functor smirks a tech-tonical smile]

Levantine: Cartography, my dear Functor, like many sins, is not the one you should partake of in this moment. 

[Functor drops the pen and moves away from the map smiling. Levantine grins back] 

Levantine: In truth, Functor, you shall not surely die. 

Functor: Old line. 

Levantine: Are you implying that oldness is a base quality. 

Functor: I think you could do better than old lines. 

Levantine: Right now, they do me. 

