Shabbos

Comments: 

I do note your point about the title, and I have switched to the tame “Shabbos”. I see now that my original title referred to something no one has any way of knowing (Chains from Locke Lamora’s universe of thieves), and no true connection (I just liked the word “canticle”). I also switched the blonde to blond, even though I love the e (much like Anne spelled with an e). You will also note new beatitudes, but not ones necessarily flowing from the Sabbath. 

Let’s fight. 

As far as my initial claim goes, the territory that it opens, I wanted to agree with you. Certainly, only the bottommost beatitudes seemed to relate to the first with its claim about rest. And, as a reader jumping into the middle (e.g. spit and death mirages), there really is no backwards connection.

 However, that kernel remains strong for me as merely that — a kernel (a starting point for the next link). Yes, the Sabbath is a blessed day because of the speakers soul finding no rest. So, we examine that claim by speaking of the blessing it contains (it forces the speaker to wonder about beauty). And so forth. This is merely a direct link between the previous and the forward link (much like a doubly linked list…). So, each link is a kernel for the next. 

The only direct connection to the Sabbath lies between the first two lines, in the ante-penultimate, and the last lines. Every other claim made is only linked via the others, and I only cared about the Sabbath as the first link to start at (consider it the middle of this chain where the reader should jump in, thus the title as “Shabbos”). I did want to give this a circular form, thus a feint towards an ending in the ante-penultimate line, and the final line to go to the sabbath. 

The poem is exciting for me because of the implication and chaining that occurs. Moreover (what a ghastly word, but I have to use it all the time in proof writing), part of the intrigue is that these links work towards a new water not previously tasted concerning beatitudes (I take your words on speculation reflect this intrigue).  

So I would argue against viewing the motions as subsidiary and seeing them instead as direct consequences of previous motions (or is that what subsidiary means? uh oh). In maths terms, I would distinguish this by saying I intentionally do not want transitivity to happen across the links (for then death, mirages, spit, and Sabbath are together, but I do not want that). I am willing to give that transitivity may be imputed without my consent. In which case, I lose, you win. 

