(endgame)
Scenes after dark

This place doesn’t remind me of home.
The ____ isn’t right. I want to stop ? home == here ? them.

One of the trees lost most of its leaves. The leaves < - 
a million floating dots. 
My handwriting just changed. 
The pen attacks the paper dfrntly.
Comments: 
I’m looking for the appropriate questions to ask. 

	“By their questions shall you know them.”
	“Curiosity”.append(“nurtured”)

Comments: 
	# return @ 14
In particular, I wanted a loop, and I wanted more Japanese. Thus, Scene 2. These are definitely sibling poems, and I believe they refer to the same universe of loops. 
―

I think the last time I counted stars I was lying on the tarp of the trampoline
of my cousins. We used to sleep outside on it in my sister’s big
red tiger blanket.

print(“deep_breath”)


	of_time_crash.”)

return @ 14.
open(archive_questions).
>>> loading
>>> ready
>>> Input?


Am I hoping it will give me something?
Did I fall already? 
Am I no longer going to be able to…?

soon? How will I learn to see the the forest? 

A dog is barking.

That does remind me of home.

I want to combine my desire to find resolve w/ my mission
to observe my place

Place is a basic awareness receptor. Forget the 
A law. Remember the place. 

So, tell me what you want, what you really really want.

The harmonics of confidence. Smelted in a furnace
of discipline. 

Place patience growth graph. 

Finger picture.

So, your suggestion about a play only flew indirectly into A Lit City. “Play” here still means pressing the play button on this loop. I suspect that by having two of them together this “Play” will stand out further. If not, then I still think we can play with loops. 

I destroyed the privilige and whiteness because this poem is not about race. I also replaced the regaling problem with something else (more Japanese!). A lit city was meant to be a revision to this as a sort of poem in a play. But A Lit City became its own body of work. And, I knew I wanted to explore one more scene here. 


		“Play to win.”

So I shot him. 
So, your suggestion about a play only flew indirectly into A Lit City. “Play” here still means pressing the play button on this loop. I suspect that by having two of them together this “Play” will stand out further. If not, then I still think we can play with loops. And he fell w/ her into a night-abyss.
So, your suggestion about a play only flew indirectly into A Lit City. “Play” here still means pressing the play button on this loop. I suspect that by having two of them together this “Play” will stand out further. If not, then I still think we can play with loops. ―

“Learn how to play the endgame first. This will teach you 
how to direct the game towards your final destination. 
You will also learn how pieces work w/ each other.”

1. Play to win.

2. Learn the endgame. 

- -The star’s backs sprouted painful wings and flied (flew?)
Comments: 

Does my long poem have an endgame? Out of the n! millions of outcomes, 
which do I want?

1. Awareness of surrounding. 

2. A disruption of the flow. 

3. To a less bloody state.
Scenes after dark
4. Learn how to call him/it/her upon command/request.
Scenes after dark
Scenes after dark


name <- outcomes.
file.close()
