A lit city

That is when I see that amazing pool of function and all its cycle eddies. 
- The Algebra Background 

Functor: The generalization of a function to deal with the mapping of categories. 

Levantine: Functor’s tiredness. 
Argentina: A friend of Levantine’s. 
Feistel: Functor’s best friend. 

Act 1 - In which Feistel commends Functor. 

[Observe them as flying chispas in the city of circuits. Functor enters
humming Iko Iko while Feistel lounges on the couch thinking.]

Functor: “Your grandma and my grandma, sitting by the fire” I think that fire would lose its heat if both our grandma’s were there. 

[Feistel breaks out of his cycle eddies pooling in the mind]

Feistel: Or more like, the fires would sit around our grandmas. Listening to their hanabi talk. But my mind has just had sex with your idea. I have birthed a new thought. 

[Feistel』s inability to give birth implied he found new ways to express his own generative capcities.]

Functor: Verily verily say unto me, ‘Tel. 
Feistel: I’m talking ‘bout the hey now in your humming tune. I see the originators [<- those who birthed] of that song as the railway stations. They send their lyrics via boxcar, and as it travels in the boxcar, the photosynthetic parts of the lyrics have to change. I mean - 

[Feistel makes a boxcar and shows it to Functor]

Feistel: - this container has to take what you just sang, and make it safely to the station. 

Functor: I see what you mean. 

[Feistel shrugs]

Feistel: Then you are ahead of me. Congratulations. 

Act 2 - In which Argentina meets Functor 

[Argentina sits by an electric beach listening to seisms.]

Functor: Who are you? 

[Argentina mixes apathy with disgust. It’s like cake with too much baking soda.]

Functor: Do you find it rude for me to ask you that? 

[Argentina takes out her phone and swipes around its hazy screen before replying]

Argentina: Maybe not rude, but surely unorthodox. 

[Functor smiles because she used the word unorthodox] 

Functor: What is your name? 

Argentina: Argentina —

[Functor knows that she will expect the reciprocation of such a sharing of information. However, Functor dislikes symmetry. So he will avoid answering. 

Argentina: — what’s yours? 

Functor: I’m inclined to answer, but Levantine is calling me. 

[Argentina raises her eyebrows and suspends the idea of Functor as a minuscule finite insect in her mind]

Argentina: That’s nice. 

[Functor cringes. Nice happens to be on Functor’s adjective blacklist. It’s what the other beans like to say when they are in the limbo between positive and negative spaces, noncommittal about its weight] 

Functor: How do you mean? 

Argentina: Well. Levantine is nice. His calling you is nice. It』s all so damn nice, Functor.   


Act 3 - Levantine requests Functor presence at l.i.t. night. 

[Levantine swags his ways into Functor’s room]

Functor: Yo. 

Levantine: Yo. 

[Levantine crosses his arms and sends intentions to Functor] 

Levantine: We』re going out tonight. 

Functor: Oh.
 
Levantine: Oh’s didn’t save David from Bathsheeba. Besides, it’s in your name. 

Functor: What? 

Levantine: “Fun”. 

[Functor smirks a tech-tonical smile. Functor knows that Levantine operates from a position of self-fulfilling prophecy. Hence, the reluctance to engage in a lost argument.]

Functor: Meine name ist, indeed. 

[Levantine sighs]

Levantine: Deine Deustche ist nicht gut mein Fuhrer. 

[One wonders how Levantine manages to speak without the umlauts.]

Functor: Meine Deustsche ist mein Kampf, ja? 

Levantine: Which, as you have yet to find out, is not a terrible book. 

Functor: I hear that Feistel believes it humanizes that German Chaplin. 

Levantine: They were friends (Chaplin and Hitler). Just like you and me. 

Functor: Dibs on Chaplin.

Levantine: Who was worse, truly? 

Functor: With any luck, Juden will not hear you speak. 

Levantine: I ran out of my Felix’s ages ago ‘Tor. Besides, it is a viable question, who was worse? Engage me. 

Functor: I’m already getting married. 

Levantine: Fine. Maa-salaameh then to this thin rabbit of a trail? 

Functor: Da. 

Levantine: In truth, Functor, you shall not surely die. 

Functor: Old line. 

Levantine: Are you implying that oldness is a base quality?

Functor: I think you could do better than old lines. 

Levantine: Right now, they do me. 
