Scenes after dark 

Scene 1

[In a bathroom, play]


	The freckled face glares back at me. If I raise my nose up just this much (imagine dad saying 「this much」 with his explanatory child voice), I look like a pig. Damned pink things. Ignorance is easy for them. 

	Untrustworthy ant things start trooping towards me out of the marble sink. 「Bad math」, I would call this (or the opposite of Lithium Flower’s theme). Although each promise chigauness, they march to a single tempo. 

- The 「How are you?」question that doesn’t expect an answer. 
- My sister-in-law’s fucking buck teeth. 
- Humble brags (these troop as an entente with two too many trumpets)
- Classmate coitus fantasies that I know won』t go anywhere because in mid-fant-act I wonder if it means anything, and since I don’t want to have to impute the meaning, I force myself to forget it. 
- The desire for green eyes. 
- These performances people put on that are bad because they are either fake (in which case, they’re untrustworthy by essence) or they are not fake (but oh they feel fake) in which case they are untrustworthy by virtue of stupidity. 

I see some of the other ants go by, now roaches with feelers, and I don’t give any more -sighs- to them. My finger extends itself to them interrupting their sink march, and its (that one) hexadecimal movement presses my arm skin as it climbs up. 

If I eat it, it won’t die since its broken-down vectors will still look for directions in my stomach. Whirlpools of lice growing in there.  

So I stare into it looking for the corpus of truth -
Bulbous bi-objects observing me -
Antennae waiting and brushing my shoulder -
Keep staring - 

[jump to [In a bathroom] ] 


Scene 2

[In a wooden room, play]

	Smell the smooth wood underneath your socked feet. The Japanese-ness of the wood drunks you. 
Feeling slow, you wonder why those rags they call art hang. They hang towards you 
slothing 
corpsing 
till they roll up 

- Distinction between Kansai-ben and Tokyou-ben. 
- Saying “I am ice cream” because it sounds funny. 
- Cheering the 90’s because they also had red in their coats. 
- The murder of Junko Furuta. 
- Peking during Niji-Sekai-Taisen. 

You are aware that these rolls will find your orifices and slide inside. So you walk purposefully away to the only window
in the room (top left, like a cellar window, small). You realize the irony of walking out of the room into a larger room. 
Where the window to escape is much bigger but it only goes into a larger room then so you stay and turn back to the 
rolls. Musashi would love to understand the mushi inside the rolls. 

So you pretend to be Musashi - 
Ink in the rolls leaves  -
Smell the blackness in the ink -
Keep the odor present - 

[jump to [In a wooden room] ]