They cased him like the single observation in a case study, created a trip-word-wire with beads stolen out of an unknowing/innocent mouth, would make him f
									a
										l	
											l
like the cliche in this poem, still as my dead ambition but cold blue. 

 Maybe dismantling the word-trips, will then make a 

       W Word 
       O	      B
       R        O
       D Box X 

within which witch 13 may pull the bunny out. 

Simple is a song I can hear the tune of but whose pitch laughs at me. Reflection, too. Conclusions are those things they do, and I fake because of the universal wed-lock to CERTAINTY. 

 Afraid to let you in, keeping my words loading my gesticulation gun so that you don’t see the alarming blinding bright white desert that expands in the in-ner. No clear clock ticking with subtle accuracy, impressive chasms and beams reaching across. I see though that this isn’t about you as much about my little ego sun. If you see nothing, the voice will be right. 

-- 

A poem 
Grows from your tiny biology 
To the middle mind 
To the deeper spirit 
Antagonizing through the haunting 
Spiral of language, bro 
And the tears of truth 

-- 







Towards the ecology of a mind 
Uncompelled, unpushed, just un 
Not tangled but webbed where thoughts can go camping and watch stars. Where a frightening percussion of shame finds an infesting breeding eye-socket to slighter out of. Where you may drop a pebble 


                               			|
					|
			And		|	just 
					|
					|
					V

(									)
                      				.

hope the monster will ignore your safety. 

--

We need to massage the numbers so that our pure white tower of marble hewn data stands tall over the electric city streets, the city of dreamy blind circuits & burnt plastic. 

7 likes the karate chops
8 likes belts 

Prune to the point where you can feel the tug of 21 guns telling you to lay it down but her breath now so mean and lean asking for your hand, no, finger, to pulsate near her core so that the imprisoned sighs and heat escapes involuntarily but 

In the				of the poem I hear 
		f
	       croiss
		r
		e
		
a depth charge to blow up the fatal straws 

-- 

Aztecs would quench a vampire’s thirst with a mere look. Born but a few years back and my blood would be drying in the sun, feeling the embracing sun-head. 