Never act out of prompt
Always act out of emptiness
Your mind water must
[Argentina sits by an electric beach listening to seisms.]
and make ripples.

Two boulders fell in my mind pool today:

	a)	I kept and will keep silence for my friend. I shall lie by omission. 
How would one plot a feelings bank? 

―

The shadow of my pen moves the leaves of the trees. My cell phone flashlight does that. 

Do you know how many trees give up their cellulose for you? 
Ikari 
―

There is no emotion, said Obi, there is peace. 

―

A blank page tried to eat me once. It had big white teeth like a great white shark, and it smelled my blood. It’s eyes were like two ships, and it a carried a (n, k) number of maybes. 

Maybe	Maybe	Maybe	Maybe.

away before I can withdraw. I imagine dark bullet vests protect the bank
(m -> a -> y -> b -> e)

The inverse
(e b y a m)

Functor: I see what you mean. 

(a b y m)
 b y a a

But you see maybe is so much more. 
We wish it to wed Yes and divorce No. We sometimes love Maybe more than Is. It is too now. Too much hereness to be digestible.

I feel cold. Like a bullet at my heart. It would warm inside my chest. Only the bullet part would be freezing. 


Last time I was here, I remembered G.C.’s story about a bear in Lewisburg. I though on people running around like headless chickens. I looked up and
the
		bear was there. 

It was looking at me from the bottom of the little hill. I was sure it was an illusion, but one can’t be sure (two, maybe). I looked at it a while longer then
decided to move to a bench. Lying on gravel is uncomfortable man (or woman? or something else?). So I walked towards the bear, but it didn’t move. 
I got closer and before my very eyes the bear

	turned into a pile of tires. 

―

I came here today, and there was a sign posted/placed on the tires saying:

 
From 
the
River
to
Reuse

info
―570-523-0114―

How is retirement looking for the tires?

We can make three different cycles:

(570)(523)(0114)

		- No repetition allowed
		(014)

Let alpha be the permutation 	b/c
described by these cycles. 	1-> 1
Then					1 -> 4
Act 3 - Levantine requests Functor presence at l.i.t. night. 
alpha = (1 2 3 4 5 6)  		bit it should be a function so 
	    4 3 7 5 2 6		each input should have a unique output. 
	    7 0 )
              0  1

I saw that amazing pool of function with its cycle eddies. On the playground:

Insert playground here. (Graph)

What would happen if x said hi to a?

―

I made the blunder. I conceived it painlessly and while laughing. I thought I was a sharp little knife in a drawer full of spoons.
But Sonder has told me a story about everyone else. Sonder’s eyeless and nostril less face stared at me and said,

“A million times a million times zero is your own pitiful way of showing dominance. Your insecurity betrays your sin.” 
Ikari 
I do indeed want to be a consistent sum of whole parts. でも、僕がね。プライドに溢れている。まあ、このカップ見たいに。
away before I can withdraw. I imagine dark bullet vests protect the bank
俺の先生は今どこにいるのかな。子供を産んだか？アレと一緒にいる。年をとって、家に囲む。永遠の左利き。やっぱ、マット
と話していない。リスペクトしなきゃ。ジョンタン・シーゴルに会って、こう聞いてみた。”あんたの物を掴んでみるわ。よかろう。
二日間。

(Written upside down through out the above text.)

Yes, I just wanted to see if you would actually flip the page :). 
If you did, send me an email that says: 

Mr. Orozco, 

Everything goes out to sea. 

Where I place my anger so it gathers interest wondering if it will be invested

Cual es la visión mas clara que has tenido? Habeis visto el sol y a las sombras que nacen? Habeis tocado la lengua cortada de un perro rabioso? Habeis olido la mermelada? Habeos temblado con frío? Habeis probado el dulce del rio?

No digas,

	“Ya sabia.”

Porque a tus amigos, daré un regalo que querían.

No digas,

	“Tendre tiempo?”

Porque los bancos de tiempo te han fiado millones y la pregunta realmente 
es,

	“Que deseo crear?”

Di, 

	“Estoy acercandome a mis metas.”

Di, 

	“Tu belleza existe en muchas formas.”

Di, 

	“No tienes el derecho de hacerme sentir asi.”

Prima,

	“Que el tiempo fluye como una sabana en la monta;ia.”

How would one plot a feelings bank? 

	Imagina a un huracan formando en el oceano. 

―

Remember the tires? They’re gone now. Their sign is also gone. 
from swine. Friend wants a free pass to see the vault because that’s a measure of


Sometimes I remember to offer my attention to the noises in the background, and I can hear a continuous insectual percussion reverie. 
From this vantage point, there are silver mirror on the river that remind me of the impressionists. They wanted/believed? light was important. 

A couple just drove up. They’re smoking. 
I’m guessing they just went out to eat. 
Dessert is smoke. 

Murph fulfilled the polar plunge here. I think he got tired after waiting so long. Imagine limping forever. 

―The car with the couple just pulled away―

――

Ways my mind is similar to here:

away before I can withdraw. I imagine dark bullet vests protect the bank
	2.	The fauna of thoughts is diverse. But a lot of it is green.
	3.	Flux is the only constant. 
Where I place my anger so it gathers interest wondering if it will be invested
	5.	I’m not sure if its beautiful. 

BUT THEY’RE STILL NOT THE SAME. 

―

I forgot about the clouds.

A metric to gauge how light your mind is:

 < ――――――――――――――――――――――――――――>
No attention to clouds					Lotza attention to clouds
		the						                        the

Same holds for the mountains. 




how we relate. But the inner constitution needs to make a joint clause where my 
Insert graph.

―

You see he still believes he’s important/fucking special. 

-> When you walk into a classroom.
-> When you talk. - - > I am not …
-> When you see. 

				My vision isn’t God’s eye.


Graph <- The 4.0 lives inside this black box. When someone gets 
it, this box lights up, and the 4.0 wakes up. It asks towards the student
safer place to hide the anger. Or a black box which they tell me Math can open. 

―

Claim: Throw poop on the wall a lot and some of it will stick.

away before I can withdraw. I imagine dark bullet vests protect the bank
Also, walls are adhesive surfaces. Whenever an x \in poop comes into contact
w/ a wall, another x_{-1} \in wall bonds w/ x. Together, we have that 

Graph. 
Where I place my anger so it gathers interest wondering if it will be invested


Where I place my anger so it gathers interest wondering if it will be invested
is sticky we know some poop will stick. Hence, some poop will stick on the wall
away before I can withdraw. I imagine dark bullet vests protect the bank
how we relate. But the inner constitution needs to make a joint clause where my 
―

Nick Talbot walked by w/ a group of friends. He asked me if I was
safer place to hide the anger. Or a black box which they tell me Math can open. 

__

Why is there no such thing as an empty nest?

__

It is not strength, 
it is flow. 

Graph
Ikari 
Ikari 
How would one plot a feelings bank? 
Define a bad day: 

-Tense shoulders/upper side neck.
- Lack of self trust.
- Late assignment work. 
- Not asking questions. 
- Forgetting. 

__

- - It’s raining right now  - 

Let E = set( the breath of the king ). 

―



Where I place my anger so it gathers interest wondering if it will be invested

- - A rainbow! - -

―

When the outerness closes your eyes, 
away before I can withdraw. I imagine dark bullet vests protect the bank

―lines―

While

―lines―

while 
away before I can withdraw. I imagine dark bullet vests protect the bank
―lines―

while

―circles―

―

This place doesn’t remind me of home.
The ____ isn’t right. I want to stop ? home == here ? them.

One of the trees lost most of its leaves. The leaves < - 
a million floating dots. 
My handwriting just changed. 
The pen attacks the paper dfrntly.

I’m looking for the appropriate questions to ask. 

	“By their questions shall you know them.”
safer place to hide the anger. Or a black box which they tell me Math can open. 

file.archive
	# return @ 14

―

I think the last time I counted stars I was lying on the tarp of the trampoline
of my cousins. We used to sleep outside on it in my sister’s big
red tiger blanket.

print(“deep_breath”)

print(“How_doth_the_waterfall_\n
	of_time_crash.”)

return @ 14.
open(archive_questions).
>>> loading
>>> ready
>>> Input?

Do I owe this place something?
Am I hoping it will give me something?
Did I fall already? 
Am I no longer going to be able to…?
How deep is my well of progress? Will it run dry 
soon? How well I learn to see the the forest? 

A dog is barking.

That does remind me of home.

I want to combine my desire to find resolve w/ my mission
to observe my place

Place is a basic awareness receptor. Forget the 
A law. Remember the place. 

So, tell me what you want, what you really really want.

How would one plot a feelings bank? 
of discipline. 

Place patience growth graph. 

Finger picture.

how we relate. But the inner constitution needs to make a joint clause where my 

CONVICTION MOVE. A HIVE OF PATIENCE. 

“He could see it in my eyes. ‘Play to win.’ 

		“Play to win.”

So I shot him. 

And he fell w/ her into a night-abyss.



“Learn how to play the endgame first. This will teach you 
how to direct the game towards your final destination. 
You will also learn how pieces work w/ each other.”

1. Play to win.

2. Learn the endgame. 

- -The star’s backs sprouted painful wings and flied (flew?)
like airplanes - -

Does my long poem have an endgame? Out of the n! millions of outcomes, 
which do I want?

1. Awareness of surrounding. 
subconscious does not need to sign on the dotted line. A black box might be a
2. A disruption of the flow. 
safer place to hide the anger. Or a black box which they tell me Math can open. 
3. To a less bloody state.

4. Learn how to call him/it/her upon command/request.

…

file.archive()
name <- outcomes.
file.close()

―

Fellow humans from the land of Super Saturday are playing that game w/ a small 
trampoline and a small ball. 

subconscious does not need to sign on the dotted line. A black box might be a

And the ball is actually a poem they’re bouncing.

What would the poem-ball look like?

- Not a crumpled ball of paper.
- It’s more of a Susquehanna river of slow moving tar.

They bounce this ball on this green hill to my right.

Where they know not what the ball is made of.

And where a 100 years before, a group of sophomores did the same. 

Only w/o a small trampoline. 

“I only drank one beer dude.”

Think of a thousand splendid metallic silver scales all moving as a current. They sound
loud. 千鳥見たい。千のとり。Each scale the voice of one who saw the river.

- - It is merely a way to count how many.  - -

―

A big pipe leads to the river. You can’t see it unless you face the way you came. Follow
the pipe, and it will you to a small pool underneath a road vent. Look up. You’ll see a small 
from swine. Friend wants a free pass to see the vault because that’s a measure of
see an Aztec bend over the kitten. The Aztec says, 

	“Come.”

[Levantine crosses his arms and sends intentions to Functor] 
the whole body slips thru the vent and plops into you (the water). 
The Aztec cries, 

Levantine: Deine Deustche ist nicht gut mein Fuhrer. 

…and continues the run. 

―

Let f be a function that maps everything I don’t know to everything I could know about here. 

Set I of ignorance. 

Set K of knowledge. 
how we relate. But the inner constitution needs to make a joint clause where my 
Then, |K| \geq |L|. And equality is only achieved when the galaxies like grains of sand sink in 
Mort’s hourglass.

Therefore, all move from a place of ignorance to another place of ignorance, 
surrounded by a swarm of unknowns.

Graph of unknowns. 

which can only be searched through a bridge of time, but 

the bridge of time has no end. 

時間の端
終わりなく

例えば

When was this planted? By whom/what? Who’s family?
Genus? Bees visited? Rainstorms survived? Mariguana it has 
smelled? Bird shit it has received? Number of total cells? Object of poems, no of?
Turgor pressure measurement? True name? First known/unkown appearance on the planet?
Last one? Digestive effects? Bacteria in each leaf? Number of ecosystems in entire
organism? Name in Spanish? Sets of information present in each language? 

Graph

Where each letter is a language. 

Big but finite. B/c it is here. 

―

The leg music of a cricket 

	Squirrel swirl

from swine. Friend wants a free pass to see the vault because that’s a measure of

Ikari 

A non-diesel car driving away

	The leaves will swell
		and
	cluster w/ an algorithmic current

(I can still taste the scone. )

Decentralizing is wicked hard man! 
After all, we are the centers of our perception, and if we claim to not
be Copernicus’ sun, then we are arguing on the power of imagination. 
That is probably true.

Isn’t it absolutely laughable to say that this is my spot?

―

Lotza if’s lying on Blair’s 
bench
Giggling, joking, pushing around

	IF I HAD..
	IF THEY HAD…

All drowned in the river of 

	DID.	

DID swallowed them whole, 
and not a ripple out of place was there.

Graph butterfly 

Time link memoria.

away before I can withdraw. I imagine dark bullet vests protect the bank

Graph 

Graph 

“The octopi of time 
all oozing and tentacling
up the river Susquehanna

ready to choke you

to blind you w/ their precious ink

to wrap you in a cold and sling embrace

	and…

	…HOP OFF YOU AND SMILE :)!
	IT WAS ALL A JOKE!”

Now they all walk/tentacle backwards back in the Susquehanna
Functor: How do you mean? 
Back in the kingdom (queendom?)
of deep time.

Calligramme. 

- - That cricket must have legs o’ iron
how we relate. But the inner constitution needs to make a joint clause where my 
	cuz 

it’s still going’. - - 

I wonder if..
How would one plot a feelings bank? 

graph

once a while back was here. 

Ikari 
wasted new. 

graph 

The place has a memory too. It sees the clouds gather.
It feels the roots underneath thirst for righteousness. It
feels the brush of the river on bank and benthic samples. It 
smells the leaves rustling and it

	Remembers to 
	rain. 

Graph. 



Graph, time mind map. 

―
away before I can withdraw. I imagine dark bullet vests protect the bank
graph

__

how we relate. But the inner constitution needs to make a joint clause where my 
herida for mi bien. 
*The taste of grapes*
*The slow moving stanza*

I came to hid and you discovered/disrobed me. 

I came to learn and walked out a fool. 

I came to listen and ran away screaming a deaf lad’s cry.

I came to die and you showed no mercy.

I came for a ghost in your haunted 
house
	only to find a 
			cadaver. 

I came to not come,
and
I heard the sound of one hand clapping.

―

Where all sad myths go to die, 
in a cycle of groups w/ an arbiter of faith. 

They hop in one by one, (lovely demons that they are), 
while my cicada gently weeps. 

graph

graph

―

1. No - man foam.
2. Jungle is smaller. 
3. Colorblind people
4. The names
5. Plane is gambling 
	“nowhere to put the etagere.”

―

1. This 3d landscape, no nature to spread up
2. We replace sharks.
3. Spill of oil -> Gargantua -> Scatological humor. 

away before I can withdraw. I imagine dark bullet vests protect the bank

Calligrame

Graph

graph 1 and 2 

Graphs 

―
subconscious does not need to sign on the dotted line. A black box might be a
A cup of liquor washed down by apple juice
hits the blood stream like a night train 
while
How would one plot a feelings bank? 
white
mostly		- 51% of the university is female.
male 

perpetuate relive lie themselves into believing that
	a cold drop of 
	bitter
	sweetness
			will tonight give peace. 

―

Words like lego blocks
Words like benches
waiting to be sat on 
How would one plot a feelings bank? 
	humans. In this way language is…


away before I can withdraw. I imagine dark bullet vests protect the bank
When the house of this here our lingua franca is fallen 
Functor: Oh.

graph

―

What a bloody pen. 
W/ it, the mayor drafted a petition to 

“make a highway through to someone else’s opportunity.”

It leaves dark red scribing on malleable parchment. 

- - Picks up the pen. - -
- - Dips it in the pockets of the bank accounts of the corrupt. - -

And now they write w/ pens loaded w/ the frowns of 
the smiles they bought and the maroon. 

―

O hail blithe trash can! 

Thou shalt surely serve as an object of my investigations of the environment
and then HUMAN ALTERATION! 

You’re blue. Or rather a wavelength that my eye
registers as blue. 

I wonder what’s inside of you?

- How dutiful - 
- We checked - 

Je no se pa! 
Het Het! 

__

When I was just a little boy, I was walking around
the dirt in my backyard, and I saw a bird, dead. I wanted to 
touch it, but my mom said, 

	“NO!”

Birds are the flying zoos of the air.

And since ten I don’t see a bird but a 

	writing mass of small maggots. 

	It must be a warm farm of microbes. 

	To be enveloped by them,
	and lost. 

But I didn’t kill it! 
Half closed yes, it had. 

―

No muevas hasta que lo veas. 

“Don’t move until you see it.”

Aha. 

 	- > 

		I came with a purpose.

Graph, upside down words.

Where words drip from the ceiling. They land on the floor and around my boot.
They begin to morph.

Or like small spiders. 
Bouncing/swinging in the rain. 

graph. 

“But moving is seeing.”

―

Dear Sir, 

open.archive()

call_last_stack



I am still looking for the right questions.
But I use they’re actually left. 

I gave up. My body has 100% giving up rate. 
It will not continue once my sands of time sink. 

and the more I flail, 

the more I sink. (idea, implement sinking word)

Like Hermione’s plants. 

I…
This, my memory gun has run out of bullets. 
I must use seeds instead. 

I’ll point them at myself and pull.

BANG. BANG.

and a flowing function of \rr rivers of Trees will erupt. 
Like a flowing new type. A new object new flower of verse..

Where a catharsis of pens gently weeps. 

I do want to grow up to be like you.

from swine. Friend wants a free pass to see the vault because that’s a measure of

A joyous attention. 
A sort of wicked awareness.

and a standing under the cold waterfall of curiosity. 

safer place to hide the anger. Or a black box which they tell me Math can open. 
It’s so barren though. 

Or maybe it’s all a myth sir. 

But then why is this an apology? B/c my words like
lame cripples fall out of my upside down stream of consciousness and 
they weren’t the droids you asked for. 

Instead a circuitous fox. Like Snyder suggests. Sets my traps for me. 
Into which I fall. 

Who is the fox? Where are the traps? 
How do I
How would one plot a feelings bank? 
Become a beginner again? 

By drowning in this and that 
cesspool of poetry…? 

Ikari 

Graph

Graph (The words that fall up.)

―
subconscious does not need to sign on the dotted line. A black box might be a
Prometheus said we are the gods now. Posters of the field of links. But prometheus 
didn’t know shit. So, the field took his liver and grew onions with it. 

Onions w/ which the summer of kites crafted a story w/ a plot hole which
would take an extra assumption to fill. (graph hole).

from swine. Friend wants a free pass to see the vault because that’s a measure of

Graph (information growing from time’s tree) 

―

Maps 1, 2, 3, and 4. 
How would one plot a feelings bank? 
―

The voices of the bastards in this theatre. The theatre, that as of yet, is directed by the males. 

“She’s so basic it makes my bitches look bad.”

“Do you think she’d look good on my bed?”

“Why they just don’t open up a sluthouse is beyond me.”

“I totally did not go down on her after she went down on me.”
*High fives the other lad*

“The thing is…she’s too smart. That’s got to mean there’s something wrong with her.”

from swine. Friend wants a free pass to see the vault because that’s a measure of

Where I place my anger so it gathers interest wondering if it will be invested

“I only talk to ‘em if think I can fuck ‘em.”

“Bitch, please.”

“They live in Cunt Hall. So of course they’re dtf.”

“That face would look better with my cum on it.”

how we relate. But the inner constitution needs to make a joint clause where my 

But of these mice, the world already hears enough of. Voices unheard. 

“Maleness is a sort of birth defect.”
-The Fall

“Women make better pilots.”
“Pilots of what?”
“Anything.”
from swine. Friend wants a free pass to see the vault because that’s a measure of
“They’re afraid we’ll laugh at them.”
“We’re afraid they’ll fuck and then kill us.”

“He only abused me more times than I can remember. 
Of course, I don’t regret these bloodstains. His were stained
with my blood more often than not.”
away before I can withdraw. I imagine dark bullet vests protect the bank
“I walk around with a can of mace now.”
“Why?”
“Because the fingers bones of my mind are still broken.”

“If only they’d stop…”
“Stop what?”
“Stop drinking from the fount of lasciviousness.”

Don’t you think it’s odd that we’re talking about us and not them? 
Why are they, them, still?

Voices of an unheard network of nodes. 

“Over me and around me the shit flows. ”

“My white savial blood looks pretty to you. I can tell you right now it does hurt. You just don’t know it yet.”

Where I place my anger so it gathers interest wondering if it will be invested
*Now ain’t that ironic?* 

“My death is your sport.”

“My flowing coldness is defiled by the warmth of your proud skins. ”

“Feel free to not piss on me.”

“Argh.”

“Not sure my voice is pretty. It is what it is you dumb fuck.”



In a silent city of circuits.”

―

from swine. Friend wants a free pass to see the vault because that’s a measure of
How would one plot a feelings bank? 
“Danny says he can listen to silence.”
-The Chosen

“I asked my friend what the sound of one hand clapping was like. He responded by taking one of his hands and opening and closing it multiple times.”
-An Old Man

The voice of one crying out in a desert of white blackness:

Two forces pop my upper shell off. 

I like it when my mouth is exposed. 
Because then my inner jelly can be cannalled right out. 

I cannot speak unless my mouth is covered. And only when my eyes are closed can you hear what I say. 

It’s as if my blindness lets you see. 

If my mouth is exposed for too long, my inner wet cement turns to hard concrete. And now my words will flow no more. 
My voice gives you the power to speak. 

―

The voice of your pride:
(It isn’t as lovely as mine is it?)

“I own three cars, a yacht, and a wife.”

“I only got a 99. What can I say?”

“I’m sorry. I’m just too quick sometimes.”

“I tried failing once. It didn’t work out.”

“Here. Have some sunglasses. My brilliance can be a bit much sometimes.”

“I think I’ll just submit this now.”

“Instructions are for the weak.”

“I think I’m about to f
			     a
                                     l
    				l
				  …………” 
 


—

The waters are
Ikari 
Roads as roads. 
		Moving roads. 

Make tangrams w/ the 
moving roads. 

			Every subtree
			a tangram
			to be enjoyed. 

Just as R.B. enjoys its own 
tangrams. 

		No vine a comer, 
		sino a aprender. 

The king wanted all the waterfalls
so he asked them to build him a planet of waterfalls. 
Everything is a waterfall there. 

— What are you taking notes on? —

Poetry gives me a place to breathe. 
(A place where your breath is asthmatic?)
subconscious does not need to sign on the dotted line. A black box might be a
The waterfall tapped my left shoulder and then ran away! 

away before I can withdraw. I imagine dark bullet vests protect the bank

Ikari 
 
Ikari 
  a
   l
    k        d
     i     e  i
      n  m n    t
       g     o   a
              it

	Love for the problem creates patience for it. 
	My effectiveness is onto? 
		愛

The walls can be placid 
before they fall. 

	Very discrete, Leo. 
Where I place my anger so it gathers interest wondering if it will be invested
subconscious does not need to sign on the dotted line. A black box might be a

Qui von tres bien ensemble.
Where I place my anger so it gathers interest wondering if it will be invested

	-> 



	- The waterfalls are pouring their way 
		into my mind. -
		[No need for a proof here.]

These are the teams Schindler gathered in a  small train. 
It ran shaded regions in the plane. Though I pass thru the valley of the 
shadow of death you - I will fear no evil. 

	True crime
	    is 
	not   to 

	leave the 
	flow where is it? 

Like a gladiator pitch w/ blood running down walls. 

Mind 
	Mind
		Mind
			Marbles
	 lost	< - 
Ikari 

Here it is! 
(They are)
	^
	|

[Do you plan?
Or do you think it will 
all sort itself out?]

<-
	<-
		<- 
from swine. Friend wants a free pass to see the vault because that’s a measure of
	<-		How would it be for my mind water
		<-	to fall and eddie/splash into
		<-	
		<-	an inevitable

safer place to hide the anger. Or a black box which they tell me Math can open. 
	<-		out?

	Maybe the waters sort themselves out regardless. 

