
The voices of the bastards in this theatre. The theatre, that as of yet, is directed by the males. 

“She’s so basic it makes my bitches look bad.”

“Do you think she’d look good on my bed?”

“Why they just don’t open up a sluthouse is beyond me.”

“I totally did not go down on her after she went down on me.”
*High fives the other lad*

“The thing is…she’s too smart. That’s got to mean there’s something wrong with her.”

“She just talks and talks. I think she thinks her mouth is good for something other than my cock. The foolery!”

“They tried to tell me it was rape. That would presuppose that women aren’t my playthings.”

“I only talk to ‘em if think I can fuck ‘em.”

“Bitch, please.”

“They live in Cunt Hall. So of course they’re dtf.”

“That face would look better with my cum on it.”

“Too bad they weren’t conscious. Hearing them scream would’ve been nice.”

But of these mice, the world already hears enough of. Voices unheard. 

“Maleness is a sort of birth defect.”
-The Fall

“Women make better pilots.”
“Pilots of what?”
“Anything.”

“They’re afraid we’ll laugh at them.”
“We’re afraid they’ll fuck and then kill us.”

“He only abused me more times than I can remember. 
Of course, I don’t regret these bloodstains. His were stained
with my blood more often than not.”

“I walk around with a can of mace now.”
“Why?”
“Because the fingers bones of my mind are still broken.”

“If only they’d stop…”
“Stop what?”
“Stop drinking from the fount of lasciviousness.”

Don’t you think it’s odd that we’re talking about us and not them? 
Why are they, them, still?

Voices of an unheard network of nodes. 

“Over me and around me the shit flows. ”

“My white savial blood looks pretty to you. I can tell you right now it does hurt. You just don’t know it yet.”

“My voice is not what you write it to be.”
*Now ain’t that ironic?* 

“My death is your sport.”

“My flowing coldness is defiled by the warmth of your proud skins. ”

“Feel free to not piss on me.”

“Argh.”

“Not sure my voice is pretty. It is what it is you dumb fuck.”

“No one know it yet…but I’m alive. 

In a silent city of circuits.”

―

夢から、目が覚めようとしている。

“Danny says he can listen to silence.”
-The Chosen

“I asked my friend what the sound of one hand clapping was like. He responded by taking one of his hands and opening and closing it multiple times.”
-An Old Man

The voice of one crying out in a desert of white blackness:

Two forces pop my upper shell off. 

I like it when my mouth is exposed. 
Because then my inner jelly can be cannalled right out. 

I cannot speak unless my mouth is covered. And only when my eyes are closed can you hear what I say. 

It’s as if my blindness lets you see. 

If my mouth is exposed for too long, my inner wet cement turns to hard concrete. And now my words will flow no more. 
My voice gives you the power to speak. 

―

The voice of your pride:
(It isn’t as lovely as mine is it?)

“I own three cars, a yacht, and a wife.”

“I only got a 99. What can I say?”

“I never run more than a couple 100 on a given day.”

“I’m sorry. I’m just too quick sometimes.”

“I tried failing once. It didn’t work out.”

“Here. Have some sunglasses. My brilliance can be a bit much sometimes.”

“I think I’ll just submit this now.”

“Instructions are for the weak.”

“I think I’m about to f
			     a
                                     l
    				l
				  …………” 